**R4.4** Clarify the definition and purpose of profiles in RPP #15 (#131)
ietf-wg-rpp/rpp-requirements: src/draft-ietf-rpp-requirements.md

A> TODO: [Issue #34](https://github.com/ietf-wg-rpp/rpp-requirements/issues/34)

> **R4.4** RPP MUST have a mechanism for defining profiles using unambiguous identifiers (e.g., unique names or codes) that clearly specify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**R4.4** RPP MUST have a mechanism for defining and signaling profiles that enable compatibility across different implementations. Profiles MUST have unambiguous identifiers (e.g., unique names or codes) and clearly describe:
```

- The required components of the data model that must be implemented
- Defined functional subsets that enable compatibility across different implementations.

> - Versions used by the components, data models and extensions support by the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Versions used by the components, data models and extensions support by the client and the server
```
